 Johnson Financial Group LLC
DBA JFG Family Office
March 30, 2026
FORM CRS
 
Johnson Financial Group LLC, DBA JFG Family Office is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an 
investment adviser and, as such, we provide advisory services rather than brokerage services.  Brokerage and investment
advisory services and fees differ and it is important for you, our client, to understand the differences. Additionally, free and
simple tools are available to research firms and financial professionals at Investor.gov/CRS, which also provides 
educational materials about broker-dealers, investment advisers, and investing.  This document is a summary of the 
services and fees we offer to "retail" investors, which are natural persons who seek or receive services primarily for 
personal, family, or household purposes.
 
What investment services and advice can you provide me?  
We offer the following investment advisory services to retail investors: Investment Management Services, Financial 
Planning Services, Family Office Services, Trust & Entity Accounting & Bill Pay, Philanthropic Capital Services, Human 
Capital Services, OCIO Solutions, and Selection of Other Advisers. 
  
Account Monitoring:   If you open an investment account with our firm, as part of our standard service we will monitor 
your investments on a daily basis.   
  
Investment Authority  :    We manage investment accounts on a discretionary basis whereby we will decide which 
investments to buy or sell for your account.  We have discretion to select, retain or replace third-party managers to 
manage your accounts. You may limit our discretionary authority (for example, limiting the types of securities that can be 
purchased or sold for your account) by providing our firm with your restrictions and guidelines in 
writing. We also offer non-discretionary investment management services whereby we will provide advice, but you will 
ultimately decide which investments to buy and sell for your account. You have an unrestricted right to decline to 
implement any advice provided by our firm on a non-discretionary basis.    
 
Investment     Offerings:     We provide advice on a wide range of investments, including public securities and, for eligible 
clients, private investments. Some investments involve higher risk, reduced liquidity, or additional fees, which we describe
in more detail in our Form ADV Part 2A. 
 
Account Minimums and Requirements:  JFG's minimum annual fee is $100,000. 
Fees are generally non-negotiable, although we reserve the right at our sole discretion to negotiate the fees 
lower. Detailed information regarding our services, fees and other disclosures can be found in our Form ADV Part 
2A Items 4, 7, and 8.
   
Key Questions to Ask Your Financial Professional
• Given my financial situation, should I choose an investment advisory service? Why or Why Not? 
• How will you choose investments to recommend to me? 
• What is your relevant experience, including your licenses, education and other qualifications? 
• What do these qualifications mean?   
  
What fees will I pay?  
The following summarizes the principal fees and costs associated with engaging our firm for investment advisory 
services.  
 
• Asset Based Fees - Payable quarterly in advance. Since the fees we receive are asset-based (i.e. based on the 
value of your account), we may have an incentive to increase your account value which creates a conflict. 
• Fixed Fees - Payable In advance. 
• Other Advisory Fees - In addition to our fees, when we use a third party money manager, you will also pay 
advisory fees charged by such third party money managers. These fees are separate and apart from our fees. 
• Clients pay additional fees and expenses. Examples of the most common fees and costs applicable to our clients 
are: custodian fees, account maintenance fees, fees related to mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, 
transaction charges when purchasing or selling securities; and other product-level fees associated with your 
investments. 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
You will pay fees and costs whether you make or lose money on your investments. Fees and costs will reduce 
any amount of money you make on your investments over time. Please make sure you understand what fees and 
costs you are paying. For detailed information, refer to our Form ADV Part 2A Brochure, Items 5 and 6 by clicking this 
link https://adviserinfo.sec.gov/firm/brochure/125101.
  
Key Questions to Ask Your Financial Professional
• Help me understand how these fees and costs might affect my investments. If I give you $10,000 to 
invest, how much will go to fees and costs, and how much will be invested for me? 
  
What are your legal obligations to me when acting as my investment adviser? How else does your firm make 
money and what conflicts of interest do you have?  
When we act as your investment adviser, we have to act in your best interest and not put our interest ahead of yours. 
At the same time, the way we make money creates some conflicts with your interests. You should understand and ask us 
about these conflicts because they can affect the investment advice we provide you. Here are some examples to help you
understand what this means.
 
• Because our revenue is derived from asset-based fees, we have an incentive to grow your account as much as 
possible.  
 
Key Questions to Ask Your Financial Professional
• How might your conflicts of interest affect me, and how will you address them?
 
Refer to our Form ADV Part 2A Brochure by clicking this link https://adviserinfo.sec.gov/firm/brochure/125101 to help you 
understand what conflicts exist.   
 
How do your financial professionals make money?  
Our company and the financial professional servicing your account(s) are compensated by receiving a salary. Some of 
our financial professionals receive additional compensation for referring clients to our firm. Financial professionals' 
compensation is consistent with market standards and is based on the individual's level of experience and professional 
designations. The additional compensation paid to our financial professionals involves a conflict of interest because they 
have a financial incentive to refer clients to our firm.
 
Do you or your financial professionals have legal or disciplinary history?  
No, for our Firm. Yes, for our financial professionals. You can visit Investor.gov/CRS for a free and simple search tool to 
research us and our financial professionals.   
 
 Key Questions to Ask Your Financial Professional
• As a financial professional, do you have any disciplinary history? For what type of conduct?  
 
You can find additional information about your investment advisory services and request a copy of the relationship 
summary at 720-475-1195 or click the link provided https://adviserinfo.sec.gov/firm/brochure/125101. 
 
Key Questions to Ask Your Financial Professional
• Who is my primary contact person? 
• Is he or she a representative of an investment adviser or a broker-dealer? 
• Who can I talk to if I have concerns about how this person is treating me? 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 